Bursting at the cafe

Author: BlueWizard83

*000*2025-10-12 00:24

As some of you know, my best friend Elizabeth has had some extreme pee desperations in her time, due to the fact that she is a "holder" someone who always holds her pee in public. She is very good at hiding those desperations, but sometimes even she takes it too far with her antics. One of those times just happened to her on friday at a cafe, where she took things just a bit too far, even for her standards.

On friday Elizabeth and I went to a local cafe after work, it was quite a normal day. Both of us worked in the morning and left for the weekend quite early. As both of us didn't have any plans for the rest of the day, we decided to go to a local cafe. We sat down, ordered our drinks, Elizabeth had her trademark black coffee and a big glass of water, while i opted for a lemonade. It was well into the afternoon at this point and as usual Elizabeth had not gone to the bathroom at the office, which usually just meant that she would visit it as soon as she got home in the evening. 

The weather was already getting a bit colder, Elizabeth was wearing pantyhose with a black skirt and some boots. At some point, about 20 minutes after we first got to the cafe, Elizabeth showed the first signs of holding. It was just a slight leg fanning under the table, but enough to catch my attention. This went on for about a minute or two, before a phone call would suddently interrupt our conversation. It was Elizabeth's aunt calling her, so she quickly stepped outside of the cafe, as we weren't the only guests. As Elizabeth walked outside, it was very clear that she was already nearly bursting. Outside i could quickly glance over and see standing with crossed legs and looking very desperate.

Once she came back, she sat down and continued to drink her water and coffee as if there was nothing wrong with her, in her trademark style of not showing anything in public. With that another 5 minutes passed and her water was gone. Elizabeth was now squirming under the table to a point where even the untrained eye could see her state, this was the point, where she asked me, if i could find the waiter to pay and leave, as now even she felt that at some point her limit will be reached. I got up and went to the counter to pay the drinks we had. As i walked back, Elizabeth was fully bursting in public, hands between her legs and extremly fanning her legs. 

As i sat down, Elizabeth said that she would quickly finish her coffee and then we could leave, but this was the point where everything went wrong for her. Elizabeth quickly double crossed her legs under the table, while trying to finish her coffee. She said there glued to her seat for about 2 minutes, out of nowhere, i heard her gasp and quickly putting down her cup. She untangled her legs and quickly stepped out of the cafe. I followed her.

Once i got outside, i saw her standing with her hands at her crotch about to loose it. I had to get her outside of the spotlight, we walked around the corner. Elizabeth stayed calm, which was impressive in her current state. The safest and quickest place for her was a old pizza place, which had her bathroom directly at the entrance door. Elizabeth was struggeling but was somehow able to hold it long enough to get there. I took quite a while for Elizabeth to get back outside, she clearly overestimated herself right there as this was the biggest bursting i have ever seen from her in public. Once we got back to my car, i saw that she had a little wet patch at her skirt. Looking back at it, it probably when she gasped and had her skirt between her double crossed legs, it had to be so much closer for her than first thought. Seeing her like this really reminded me on how she had done this for years and never been in such a situation, which is just impressive.

*003*2025-10-12 07:08

{{5 hours ago, watchingherhold said:

Absolutely amazing, she really is a holder. Have you ever seen her lose control. She came very close to it on this occasion.

}}

I have 2 stories about that "office hold went wrong" and the holiday desperations they will answer your question

{{7 minutes ago, DespAndHold said:

Wow how exciting to find her true limit

Did the cafe not have a bathroom she could have used in this emergency? So impressive she still made it elsewhere to go rather than wet or squat but I bet she is disappointed she didn’t last until home… and a shame you didn’t get to hear how huge her pee was

}}

No, it was just a small little cafe, with no bathroom for the public.

