Following up on a comment

Author: Breepee

*000*2025-10-29 13:10

Hello all,

In another post I mentioned me and the wife have found ourselves a naked cleaner who offers “discreet” extras (not sex but things like roleplay cleaning, furry cleaning, etc), so we thought about asking her if she’d be willing to try and do our clean without a bathroom break.

Now this may around like a simple task and for any normal house clean it might be. But not for us, you see we own a house from the early 1800, it’s 6 bed, 3 bath, 3 reception rooms and 2 home offices. I would guess it’s around ~3000 square feet of space. The first few cleans we had with her it took all day for her to complete and like a good “handy woman?” (Can’t think of the propert term for her), she would always ask if it was ok to use the bathroom before she actually used it.

Anyway fast forward a couple months and we knew her a little better, we asked about her extra services. We had a discussion while she cleaned and turns out she offers a "watch me pee" service which was beyond cheap. We trialed this for a couple of cleans before we worked up the courage to ask if she would be willing to try doing the entire house clean without a bathroom break. Again she said it wasn't a problem and she's done it a few times before.

Since these discussions she's come and done cleans more than a dozen times and each one has been fun or unique in a different way. It's at the point where the wife wants to ask her if she'd wants to join us for some playtime (open marriage) but we are holding off as to not scare her off. That being said she did tell us about her "big finish" option where clients are allowed to cum while watching her clean. So maybe not a bad thing.

Now I've asked her permission before sharing these experiences with the community here and she is more than happy for me to share them as long as I change her name, and don't mention her business name.

So would people be interested in hearing about this amazing women and our rollercoaster of fun with her?

